---
name: Jen Estill
title: Principal, Creative Director
pronouns: she/her
role: Strategy and conceptualization
feed: http://observations.redhead.studio/author/jen-estill/feed/

---

The thing I enjoy most about our field is meeting exceptionally smart people and
getting a glimpse into what they give the world. Seriously, there are a lot of
regular people walking around this world who are stealth brilliant. In a
cardigan. Who would've thought?

My second favorite thing about our field is that we get to both teach and learn.
Whenever we develop something new for a client, I know we teach a little along
the way. It could be as simple as introducing a new brainstorming method or as
complex as walking a client through his very first web development process. In
return, we get to soak up a client’s deep knowledge about the world. I like to
joke that it makes us great conversationalists at cocktail parties since we
always have tidbits in our pockets. But truly, everything we learn from clients
gives us a perspective into the world we wouldn’t have had otherwise. How great
is that?

I'm a notoriously scatter-minded person. Ideas zoom around my head with an
alarming frequency. When one is about to burst (most likely out of my mouth,
probably to the annoyance of my staff) I actually feel it bumping around
somewhere in the lower right side of my head. It's like the idea is rifling
through closets to pack a suitcase for the trip. I wonder if regular people
physically feel parts of their brain working. Is that a thing or is it my
imagination?

Thankfully, I have lots of amazing people around me who can grab hold of a baby
idea and grow it, improve it, and help it become real. (Or bury the bad ones, as
is sometimes the case.)

I went to school at Michigan State University, fully certain I would become a
journalist, despite the fact I deeply dislike calling people on the phone. But
the publication design skills translated well. I founded Redhead in 2000, after
I realized that my combination of writing background, design skills,
problem-solving tendencies, and an almost incessant penchant for saying "Why
not?" made for a decent cocktail.

Home is a circus with three boys, a few chickens, a very old cat, a husband I
adore, and way too many projects. We are a family of creative, project-driven
people. Somebody's always making something. If there isn't a metaphorical
explosion somewhere in my home, something is surely wrong.

I also co-host [The Speak Easy Podcast][SE], where I talk honestly about the
challenges women leaders in the creative industry face. We create a community
where leaders can support one another and abandon the mantra that they have to
smile and pretend to have it all together, even when they don't.

At the office, I do the usual things—develop strategies for clients, direct the
work. I work hard to combine a client's business goal with some creativity and
innovation to help them develop messages that are heartfelt or humorous or
inspiring, yet still smart. Sometimes I write earth-shattering copy. Often I
mentor young creatives. Frequently I obsess over the bar cart.

[SE]: https://thespeakeasypodcast.com

