---
name: Zach Komorowski
title: Writer
pronouns: he/his
role: MSU, Degree Expected December 2020

---

Hey, I’m Zach, lover of em-dashes and oxford commas. And I guess I’m a creative.

But I didn’t always think that. When I was about 13 years old my life plan was
to become a neurosurgeon, “make bank” for five or so years, and retire to live
out the rest of my days in a hammock somewhere. I thought I had hacked the
system. Well, by the time I was gearing up to start college I realized that this
plan, while ambitious, probably wasn’t going to happen. I pursued computer
science until I realized I’d rather write words than code. So here I am,
savoring my time at Michigan State University while working towards a B.A. in
creative advertising and a sidecar minor in computer science.

Writing has always intrigued me. The first story I remember penning was about a
penguin who wore a tuxedo. Contrived, derivative, cliché—it was terrible. I
don’t think it even had a plot. I’ve improved a bit since then and lately I’ve
been writing poetry and craft beer reviews while violently bouncing between
short stories. Over the years my friends have repeatedly asked me to write their
Instagram captions or Facebook event descriptions so joining the
marketing/communications space was my way of saying, "Sorry guys, I don't work
for free."

Creativity is all about being a good listener. Listening sparks ideas, often
from unexpected people, places, and sources. Understanding that everyone has
something to contribute enables an empathetic mind, something that is paramount
when writing to connect with people—especially in this industry. Here at Redhead
I get to write things, problem-solve things, research things, and—most
importantly—learn things. All in Old Town, Lansing. Pretty neat.

When my pen is capped you can find me brewing my own beer, reading a book, or
well into the REM stage.
