---
name: Allison Raeck
title: Writer
role: Social Media Management, Content Development
pronouns: she/her
feed: https://observations.redhead.studio/author/allison-raeck/feed/

---

My name is Allison and I love to write.

From long-form articles to sarcastic tweets, I find myself constantly bouncing
between writing projects (whatever the length). As an odd kid who loved the
smell of new books and could meander stationery stores for hours in search of a
good gel pen, I always knew I would do something in the creative writing realm
down the line.

To me, effective writing captures a specific voice. I try to carefully curate
each word with purpose, so the piece matches a specific client's tone or
attitude. Just like a chameleon blending into leaves and things. One word can
change the entire direction of a project, so I make the most of every syllable.
My writing process involves lots of research, sporadic creative streaks, and
countless searches on thesaurus.com. And, of course, strong coffee.

I earned my bachelor's in communications at the University of Michigan, with
minors in business and writing. There, I diversified my writing portfolio,
edited countless intro-English essays as a side job, and even struggled through
a few accounting classes. My career path search wound around from journalism to
film but, regardless, I knew writing would play a role in whatever I did. (Well,
maybe aside from that brief pre-dentistry stint.)

After graduation I settled on public relations and moved to Chicago. The land of
wind, hot pretzels, and a bean. I worked at a public relations firm there for
two years, where I got to know the inner-workings of agency life and collaborate
with clients in the tech industry. I also got to live in a "charming vintage"
apartment from the 1920s, where it is rumored that Al Capone used to converse
with sketchy individuals in the penthouse (fun fact). I loved the city but,
after two years, I decided it was time to come back to the Lansing area to be
closer to my family (and to work at Redhead, of course).

Aside from writing, I'm an avid crafter, reality TV-watcher and bargain hunter
with a passion for cats.
