---
name: Bobby Earls
title: Executive Assistant
pronouns: he/him
role: Organization, Coordination

---

Hey there, I'm Bobby.

While the rest of the team is working on the frontlines to meet deadlines and
woo clients, I'm working behind-the-scenes to keep this wonderful creative
machine well-oiled and sharp. You could call me the jack-of-all-trades and you
wouldn't be wrong. Important deliveries, office supplies, and general
support—you got it. You'd be surprised what I do to keep this hardworking team
fueled and (relatively) sane. Creative output needs a little crazy, after all.

Working here at Redhead seems as fateful as anything. I'm an Old Town resident
so it's tough to spin when I'm late, but the craziest thing involves my cat,
Louise. Louise is a bonafide local legend. People started to notice when she
would join my dogs on their walks, sporadically diving into bushes but always
keeping up. Turns out Redhead's fancy was tickled, too. They grew so fond of
Louise that they created an internal zine in her name—all before I started
working here.

But just like the rest of Redhead, I'm no stranger to creativity. Before my time
here I studied interior design at Lansing Community College and worked at a
studio in SoHo, NYC. I came back to Michigan because I missed my roots and
needed to expand them, but I never stopped flexing my creative muscles. While
I'm passionate about the arts in general, I really love to craft, plant, and
bake (cinnamon rolls are my specialty). To me, creativity is the ability to
imagine something and bring it to fruition and that's exactly what we do here at
Redhead.

After hours you can find me walking the river trail with my dogs or exploring
one of the many local events.
